>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I've had
the opportunity to meet everyone here, but
I just wanted to formally just
welcome everybody in the room,
but also online, to Learn to
Build Awesome[r] Apps with Angular.
So this is a refresh of the previous
course, so essentially this is,
kind of the intro to Angular,
the introduction to Angular.
What's interesting is that,
a few days ago, I sat down to review
the sample app, and I was just like,
no, no, no, no, this isn't gonna work.
Tore it all down, and so to that end,
is we're going to cover a lot of
the same material, but
the sample app is completely brand new.
It's using Angular material,
which is actually one of the reasons
why I burn it to the ground.
I don't think Angular material is quite
ready when we did this previously but,
so new sample app.
And instead of two days, we're going
to have this as a three-day workshop.
And so, how I see this kind of,
the narrative arc for this course,
is we're going to introduce Angular but in
the context of building a single feature.
Then tomorrow, we are going to talk about
how these features actually fit together.
So single feature, then tomorrow,
we'll talk about actually the features,
so we'll get into
component-driven architecture,
little bit of polish towards the end in
terms of taking our template-driven form,
making it reactive,
as well as introducing some animations.
And then, completely new
material is going to focus on,
when you build your application,
well then what?
And so moving our focus from features and
building this working application
that consist of features,
to focusing on your application and
what you kind of do from there.
So what this comes down to is,
how do you build an application at scale?
So we'll talk about routes, lazy modules,
lazy loaded modules, we'll talk about
actually deploying the app, optimizing
the app for performance, doing some
static analysis in some of these different
things that once you have an app built,
like you put it into the wild,
like how do you keep it up and running,
how do you keep it stable, and performing
at the best possible level that it can.
So we're going to start very broad,
very kind of general, and
start to build up so that by the end of
the three days, we have a pretty good idea
how to not only build an application,
but to release it into the wild.
And if something goes wrong or
something is slow,
we kind of know how to address that.
So the first two days are going to be
kind of applied theory, if you will, and
then that third day is,
into the wild, what do we do?
Now, with that said, my absolute
favorite part of doing workshops is
getting feedback and
having the conversations with students and
finding out what are the things
they're struggling with,
and then modulating my content
to kind of address those things.
And so kind of that moment, it's like i'm
struggling with this thing, I got it, and
kind of that moment, that ah-ha moment,
like vicariously, I live for that.
So there is kind of some leeway
towards the end of day three,
I have a general idea of
how it's going to go.
I have actually more content than
I can fit into a single day,
just some very kind of practical things.
But if you will go to use bit.ly link,
there's just a real easy survey and
just fill this out, and
if I get enough responses that's
kind of keying on a certain thing,
then I will adjust
the content accordingly.
So for some reason, let's say,
we get 50 responses and
it's really heavy on testing, then I
will allocate more time towards that.
So I mean, ultimately,
we kind of have a bit of a blank canvas.
Or if anything, we have the lines on
the canvas, and I'm giving everybody
the opportunity to kind of tell me
how they want to color that in.
So if you go to the survey,
please fill it out.
I will keep an eye on it, and this will
kind of affect how I prioritize what we
talk about on day three, and possibly even
work some stuff in on day two as well.
But the point is that,
I'm here to kind of address pin points,
and if I know what they are,
then it makes my job easier.
So also just a bit of housekeeping,
that we're all friends here.
And so I would imagine,
a lot of people have not met each other.
By the end of three the days, I think you
have an incredible set of resources here,
in terms of fellow developers.
I highly,
highly encourage communication and
collaboration among your fellow students.
So on the co-challenges,
if you finish your co-challenge, what I
would like you to do is just turn to your
neighbor and say, hey, how are you doing?
Are you stuck, are you finished?
And kind of have those,
that conversation to make sure that
everybody kinda crosses
that finish line together.
So no developer left behind.
Because this is,
when you are in an organization,
this is kind of how this works,
is one developer is having a problem and
if you are in a good
team with a good culture,
then somebody is gonna pick up on that and
they're going to help you.
So for all intents and purposes, let us
assume that we work on an awesome team
together in a company with
an awesome culture, and
we're here to help each other.
As well as if I say something that doesn't
make sense or you want me to clarify,
by all means, just raise your hand and
ask the questions.
So I love conversation, and
do not be afraid to speak up or
add some input.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
day one is focusing on,
have a strong grasp on how to
construct a single feature in Angular.
And so, what I mean by
feature is kind of a single,
encapsulated piece of functionality.
So for instance,
if you had like a user's form,
where you could do, put in user
information, that would be a user feature.
And so
the idea is how do we build that up?
And so for the most part, we're gonna
be focusing around the component today.
And then tomorrow, we'll get into kind
of component-driven architecture.